‎In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
‎Just a normal girl with a normal life.
‎But there's something about me
‎that no one knows yet.
‎Because I have a secret.
‎♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
‎♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
‎♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! ♪
‎Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!
‎Oh! Huh?
‎How did you pull this off?
‎You're the best!
‎I can't believe you got everyone to swap
‎seats, so I could sit next to Adrien!
‎But it might not be the best idea.
‎I might not pay attention in class.
‎And if I fail, Adrien and I would
‎never have our own house, the three kids,
‎-the hamster named--
‎-Whoa, girl! What are you talking about?
‎You're not next to Adrien.
‎Your seat's over there.
‎-At the back? Why? What's going on?
‎-Well, since she's got a hearing issue,
‎there's no way she could sit at the back.
‎-So she needed a place up in the front!
‎-To make it work, Ivan sat next to Mylène,
‎Nath sat next to Alix, and she came up
‎with the idea of moving Nino here.
‎-So we get to spend more time together!
‎-Who is this "she"?
‎Good morning!
‎I'm sure you've all heard by now,
‎but Lila's home from her trip
‎and she is back in school with us again!
‎-Hi, everyone!
‎-Hi, Lila!
‎Oh, a seat in the front row!
‎You all remembered my hearing issue!
‎You're such sweethearts, all of you!
‎Mwah, mwah!
‎-You have a hearing problem, Lila?
‎-Yes, I suffer from tinnitus,
‎a constant ringing in my left ear.
‎The sound of an aeroplane engine
‎burst my eardrum on the runway
‎-when I was saving Jagged's kitten.
‎-Isn't Jagged Stone's pet a crocodile?
‎Now it is, yes. But he had a kitten
‎until he found out he was allergic to it.
‎The best part is, since you're
‎such an excellent student, Adrien,
‎you'll be able to help me catch up
‎on all the schoolwork I missed.
‎-Would you do that for me?
‎-Sure, Lila.
‎Miss Bustier?
‎Why do I have to sit in the back now?
‎Do you have any trouble hearing or seeing,
‎Marinette?
‎-Uh...
‎-My eyesight and hearing are good.
‎I'll sit in the back and you two
‎can sit up front. I don't mind.
‎-No!
‎My return is causing so much trouble!
‎I should've stayed
‎on the other side of the world.
‎If Marinette has an issue too,
‎then I should be the one
‎to go and sit in the back.
‎It's OK!
‎I don't actually have any trouble
‎seeing or hearing, I mean...
‎Good. So there's no problem, then!
‎You sit here, Lila.
‎Adrien, stay where you are
‎and, Marinette, you sit in the back row.
‎Ah, high school! The arena of teenage
‎angst, where emotions are so intense.
‎A perfect stadium for my dear akumas.
‎Being separated from your friends,
‎becoming isolated...
‎just what devastating anger is made of.
‎Fly away and evilise
‎this angry high-school girl!
‎Open your books to page 23.
‎Strange. I feel the fury dying down.
‎But the wheels are in motion.
‎It's only a matter of time.
‎Be patient now, my akuma.
‎-That's for you, Lila!
‎-Thank you. You're so sweet!
‎-Here's your appetiser!
‎-And main course!
‎-I'll fetch your dessert!
‎-I'm sorry I can't carry my own tray.
‎It's almost impossible
‎with this sprained wrist.
‎-Sorry!
‎-Lila's totally lying.
‎She made up her tinnitus
‎so she could sit next to Adrien.
‎-And her sprained wrist's bogus, too.
‎-I don't get it, Marinette.
‎-You barely know Lila. Why all the hate?
‎-Fine. I'll tell you everything.
‎Remember when she first came to school
‎right after the summer?
‎She was only here for one day,
‎then she left on that trip.
‎Everyone was captivated by her.
‎Something just felt off to me,
‎so I... followed her!
‎-What?
‎-Not only did Ladybug save my life,
‎-we've become very close friends!
‎-She lies with every breath.
‎Wait. You eavesdropped on Lila
‎and Adrien? That's not cool!
‎A good reporter verifies her sources.
‎Can you prove
‎she doesn't actually know Ladybug?
‎Well, I... um... I...
‎I... I... OK! You want proof she's lying?
‎Hey, Lila! You forgot your napkin!
‎Ha, ha! See that? It's obvious
‎she doesn't have a sprained wrist!
‎Uh... Ow!
‎Once, in India, I witnessed someone
‎getting their eye gouged out
‎by a corner of a napkin.
‎If I hadn't caught it,
‎this napkin could have injured Max.
‎-Oh!
‎-I didn't have a choice. Ow!
‎Lila, you saved my eye!
‎You sacrificed yourself for me!
‎Why wouldn't I, Max?
‎Ouch! You're my friend.
‎-We'll take you to the nurse's office.
‎-Proud of yourself?
‎Lila's in pain even more now,
‎all because of you!
‎No, don't blame Marinette.
‎She was trying to give me a napkin.
‎Right, Marinette?
‎Grr!
‎-Marinette! Oh! Are you crying?
‎-No, I'm not!
‎I can sense that you don't like me,
‎but I don't understand why.
‎We barely know each other.
‎Miss show-off here
‎was trying to impress you.
‎Don't tell me it's because of this
‎new seating arrangement in class?
‎It is! Of course! You're jealous
‎because I'm sitting next to Adrien.
‎Because you would have given anything
‎to sit there yourself!
‎You know what?
‎It's really not worth fighting over a boy!
‎You and I could be friends.
‎And, who knows, I might even be able
‎to help you with Adrien.
‎You and I will only be friends
‎the day you stop lying, Lila.
‎I can't prove it, but I know for a fact
‎you don't have tinnitus,
‎that your wrist is just fine,
‎that you don't know Prince Ali
‎and have never been to Atchoo,
‎and despite what you got Alya
‎to write on her Ladyblog,
‎Ladybug has never saved your life!
‎I only tell people what they want to hear.
‎-It's called lying!
‎-There's nothing you can do about it.
‎People can't resist
‎when they hear what they like to hear.
‎If you don't want to be my friend, fine!
‎But soon you won't have
‎any friends left at all.
‎And trust me, I'll make sure
‎you never get close to Adrien
‎in class or anywhere!
‎You seem less dumb than the others,
‎so I'll give you one last chance.
‎You are either with me or against me.
‎You don't have to answer right away.
‎I'll give you till the end of class today.
‎I thought Chloé was evil,
‎but Lila really takes the whole cake!
‎She's like a supervillain
‎without a costume!
‎You mustn't let her get to you.
‎If I don't manage to expose her lies,
‎she'll ruin my life!
‎She'll turn my friends against me,
‎including Adrien!
‎Yes! I can feel it.
‎The anger's about to emerge!
‎-Marinette, look out!
‎-Aaah! An akuma!
‎Hey, Lila.
‎Adrien! We must figure out when you'll
‎help me catch up on all the schoolwork.
‎I also heard you play piano!
‎My uncle's the great pianist
‎Petrochk Borrotchek.
‎He wanted to teach me,
‎but I had to stop because of arthritis.
‎But when my wrist gets better,
‎I'd love for you to give me some lessons.
‎Lila, I'm perfectly happy
‎being friends with you.
‎And I'll gladly help you with schoolwork.
‎But please don't lie to me
‎like you did last time.
‎Oh!
‎So, I'm guessing you're not
‎a descendant of a superhero either?
‎-She's more like a superliar!
‎-Ladybug's the liar!
‎I'm not judging you, Lila,
‎but you'll turn everyone against you.
‎If something's bothering you, I can help.
‎But you need to be honest with me.
‎Are you trying to be a superhero,
‎lecturing me just like Ladybug did?
‎Well, thanks, but no thanks! Ugh!
‎I'm still here
‎if you need help with your schoolwork.
‎You can resist it!
‎Hawk Moth's power only affects people
‎who think there's no solution to their
‎problems! You‎ always‎ find a solution!
‎You're right!
‎You won't get me! I'm proud!
‎I'm confident! I'm Marinette!
‎What's happened?
‎The anger has disappeared!
‎But I can feel something new arising.
‎I can't stand those super-goody-two-shoes.
‎Yes! Here's my chance!
‎We can't let this akuma run loose.
‎Tikki, spots on!
‎Ha!
‎Come here, akuma!
‎Hawk Moth, I am Lila. I know you want
‎to destroy Ladybug. And so do I.
‎Yes, I remember you.
‎Give me supervillain powers and I'll
‎get you her and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
‎With pleasure. I have some new powers
‎for you, Chameleon!
‎Gotta find another way!
‎-Hey!
‎-Adrien!
‎I wanted to apologise.
‎I've thought about it and you're right.
‎I want us to be friends,
‎so I'll never tell another lie.
‎Will you make peace with me? Mwah!
‎Oops! I lied.
‎Adrien? Adrien!
‎Nino! I have something to tell you.
‎You don't deserve my friendship
‎or your girlfriend... or your cap!
‎-Hey!
‎-Ha, ha! You should see your faces!
‎Don't miss my performance
‎at the Eiffel Tower.
‎You're gonna love it.
‎What? Not Adrien!
‎Hey! No, no!
‎Hey!
‎Thank you, Ladybug!
‎My balloon! Mommy!
‎Thank you. Ha, ha!
‎Oh, no! He's gonna fall!
‎♪ La, la, la, la, la, la ♪
‎-Whoa!
‎-Argh!
‎This is so easy.
‎As soon as someone needs saving,
‎that stupid Ladybug shows up!
‎-♪ La, la, la, la, la, la ♪
‎-Adrien!
‎Aaah! Help me! I'm losing my balance!
‎I'm going to fall!
‎Aaah!
‎Yeah! Woohoo!
‎My Princess Charming!
‎You saved my life! Mwah!
‎-You are not Adrien!
‎-You're right, I'm Chameleon!
‎You're getting better at this,
‎which is a good thing!
‎It'll make this fight
‎all the more interesting!
‎I know where your akuma is, Chameleon!
‎Time to de-evili...
‎But the akuma!
‎Argh!
‎If this is an enchanted sleep,
‎what could wake him up?
‎Oh, no! Not an enchanted kiss, please!
‎Nobody will ever know.
‎Plagg! What happened?
‎And what are you doing?
‎Oh, me? Nothing. I... Your friend Lila
‎put you to sleep with an evil kiss.
‎-Be more careful picking your friends!
‎-Lila must have been re-akumatised!
‎Quick! Plagg, claws out!
‎Quentin! Quentin!
‎Ladybug!
‎I saw the supervillain running away!
‎Huh? Thanks! Don't stay here, OK?
‎It's dangerous!
‎Come out of there, Chameleon!
‎My Quentin! You found him, Ladybug!
‎Found him?
‎Ladybug! Look out!
‎It's down to the two of us, Ladybug.
‎Cataclysm!
‎I'm gonna find out who you really are,
‎Chameleon!
‎I'll find out who you are first,
‎don't you worry!
‎Too bad Cat Noir's power
‎is gonna destroy you! Mwah, mwah, mwah!
‎If you manage to touch me! Ha!
‎-Get me his Miraculous now!
‎-No. I wanna get hers first!
‎-Nowhere to run now, Ladybug!
‎-I don't intend to!
‎Lucky charm!
‎-A T-shirt?
‎-Ha, ha, ha!
‎That's your plan to defeat me, Ladybug?
‎Make me dress like you?
‎On second thoughts, such horrible fashion
‎might actually do me in! Ha!
‎Failed again!
‎Cataclysm!
‎Good job, Chameleon! Become Ladybug,
‎then, once you've put her to sleep,
‎you can simply give me her Miraculous!
‎Aaah!
‎Ladybug!
‎We should be friends, not anemones!
‎Wow, you certainly got
‎that supervillain to clam up!
‎But we're not out of the woods.
‎Where's the object?
‎I think I might have an idea.
‎Waiter, ahem, if you wouldn't mind?
‎Yes, Ladybug. At your service.
‎-Mademoiselle.
‎-Thank you!
‎We're about to find out
‎what you really look like!
‎You'll see. It's an old acquaintance.
‎No more evil-doing for you, little akuma.
‎Time to de-evilise!
‎Gotcha! Bye-bye, little butterfly.
‎Miraculous Ladybug!
‎Don't worry,
‎you look good even without your cap.
‎Hey!
‎-Lila?
‎-Ladybug?
‎At least now you can say
‎I saved your life, for real.
‎Truth?
‎Thanks, Ladybug.
‎I'd be honoured to call you my friend.
‎Yeah, I'm happy to hear that.
‎Hey, some advice? You don't have to lie
‎and pretend to be something you're not.
‎People will like you
‎just for being yourself!
‎-You have my word, Ladybug!
‎-Bug out!
‎Bye!
‎I sense a talent like no other
‎in this young Lila.
‎I'm sure that her feelings about Ladybug
‎will serve my purposes well in the end,
‎one way or another.
‎Of course she saved my life!
‎She'll always rescue her best friend.
‎Didn't tinnitus give you vertigo
‎up the Eiffel Tower?
‎Oh, no! Ladybug knows me so well
‎that she brought me an earplug
‎to stick in my right ear.
‎Right ear? Did she say "right ear"?
‎This morning, she said that ringing was
‎in her left ear! I've got her this time!
‎-Are you gonna tell everyone?
‎-Course I am! Lila is--
‎A liar. Yes, I know.
‎But will exposing her
‎really make things better?
‎If you humiliate her,
‎she'll just be hurt more.
‎Making a bad guy suffer
‎has never turned them into a good guy.
‎Ladybug and I are like two peas in a pod!
‎So we just stand by and let her lie?
‎As long as we both know the truth,
‎does it really matter?
‎You're right.
‎Maybe it's not such a big deal.
‎-Good afternoon, everyone!
‎-Good afternoon, Miss Bustier!
‎Good for you for taking the high road,
‎Marinette.
‎Hey! It's pretty cool back here!
‎-Lila.
‎-Here.
‎-Adrien.
‎-Present!
‎-Max.
‎-Present.
‎Stay focused now, Marinette.
‎Don't get distracted.
‎Or you'll flunk school,
‎then how will you and Adrien
‎get that house,
‎have kids and the hamster named--
‎Marinette! Miss Bustier has called
‎your name three times already!
‎Oh!
‎Looks like you have trouble hearing,
‎after all.
‎Why not come sit up here in the front,
‎next to Lila?
‎Miss Bustier! This is incredible!
‎My tinnitus! I don't feel it any more!
‎It's gone! It's a miracle!
‎It must be Ladybug's doing!
‎I can sit in the back now.
‎Excuse me.
‎Can I go and sit next to Marinette?
‎Nino and I can't stop chatting it up!
‎You didn't think I'd let my BFF
‎sit all by herself, did you?
‎Excuse me, Miss Bustier.
‎Can I move too, please?
‎I'd like to sit next to Nino again.
‎Sorry, Lila. He's my best friend!
‎-Can I have my old seat back too, please?
‎-Can I go back to where I was?
‎Yeah, me too!
‎Catch you later, Marinette! Bye!
‎I see you've made your decision,
‎Marinette.
‎From now on, you and I are at war.
‎You will lose your friends
‎and wind up all alone.
‎And Adrien will soon be mine.
‎We'll see about that, Lila. We'll see.